# ShipInvaders
Arthur Wollocko, CS50 2018

This is my submission for my final project for the CS50 Game Design class.
I created this entirely in Unity, using mostly my own scripts. Some scripts (noted in comments) are extended or augmented from scripts 
found on various sites online (mostly unity3d.com). Many models (e.g., some obstacles, the cannon) were generated by myself, while others (environment, some ships) were downloaded free from the asset store, but arranged by me to form my level.

This project was amazing. I couldn't believe how much work went into creating some of the simple functionality I wanted.
I suffered incredibly from "feature creep", and just kept adding features that i thought were cool.

## Instructions
There are many scenes in the application. Please go to the IntroScene to begin the game.

*IntroScene* provides a tutorial for the game, showing the player the different elements of the game and what they are supposed to do.
I'm super proud of this scene because I think its an important part of games that many companies pass over. I created a robust system
for transitioning between locations, with dynamic text adjustment. Check it out.

*MainScene* This is where the action happens. Spawners will dynamically create enemies which will attack your little town. Protect it!

*GameOver* Quick dialog that allows you to restart from the MainScene.

## Features
This section will quickly outline some of the features of the game. 
It was created with extreme extensibility and flexibility in mind, allowing new enemies, new protection zones, and new projectiles to be easily created within seconds.

*Obstacles* are enemies within the game, that will dynamically spawn in the air and select a protection zone among any that are in the game (allowing flexibility in placement) and move towards that zone to attack it. Many of the parameters that dictate an obstacle's behavior have been externalized to the Unity editor, allowing you to change behavior quickly. This includes health bounds, point values, attack damage, sounds, and speed.

*FiredObjects* These are located within the "CannonBalls" folder, and provides a script for objects that can be fired from a cannon. This script provides the damage of this projectile.

*Powerups* Powerups will spawn on the ground dynamically, being created by the PowerupSpawner. There are 3 included powerups in the game. Each will change the projectile being fired for a number of seconds, adjust the physics of the firing, the time between refires, and the sounds. These are all externalized so they can be adjusted easily

*Score and Health Tracking* The player's health and score are tracked throughout the game. The player receives additional health every 50 points they score, and loses health based off the different obstacle's attack damages. The screen flashes green or red in these cases respectively. Top-3 high scores are  tracked using PlayerPrefs.

...And much more! 

I really hope you enjoy my game. It took a lot, and gave me a huge appreciation for what game designers have to do. I tried to make this as flexible as possible, 
